# Branching Strategies

## GitHub Rules

## Git Flow
GitFlow uses different branches in order to add different features to
the app. This way the main branch does not get corrupted with
unfinished code. The GitFlow uses five different branches in order to
achieve stable update flow. These five branches include Main, Release,
Develop, Feature, and HotFix. The main branch includes the product
updates, this branch should always remain stable with no bugs, as it
is the version that is released. The HotFix branch exists only to
prevent bugs on the main branch, if a bug exists, the HotFix is used
to fix it. The develop branch is branched out from the main branch,
this is used to prevent any bugs in the main branch and is the final
filter before merging back to the release branch. The feature branch
is used to add new features, a new feature branch should be added for
each feature and this branch is branched out from the develop
branch. After each feature is finished, it is merged back to the
develop branch, where it is reviewed, and then merged to release and
main branch.
### Pros:
Because each feature has to go through so many pull requests before
getting added to main, it allows each feature to not only get tested
multiple times, but it ensures that each line of code has about the
same style.
  
### Cons:
Because each feature has to go through many pull requests before
getting added to the main branch, it can lead to slow development.
  
## GitHub Flow
  
### Pros:
  
* Here
* 
	
### Cons:
	
* Here
* 
	
## Trunk-based Development

Trunk-based development (TBD) is a branching strategy where all
developers integrate their changes directly to a shared trunk every
day, a shared trunk that is always in a releasable state. No matter
what a developer might do on their local repository, at least once
each day, they must integrate their code. This practice forces each
developer to regularly see and react to the changes being made by
their teammates in version control, which drives collaboration around
the quality and state of the codebase as a near-constant activity.


### Pros:
	
*  Integrating changes every day makes you have to take small steps in
   your work. This limits the blast radius of any changes that cause a
   problem in production.
* TBD puts continuous integration front and center in a developerâ€™s
  workflow. You simply must integrate your changes every day;
  realizing that instantly makes you think differently about how you
  approach your work and your collaboration with your team
  members. And continuously integrating code changes is essential to
  innovating at a faster pace.

	  
### Cons:
	  
* One of the main challenges with trunk-based development is
  contention collision. If too many people are checking and making
  changes into the mainline at the same time,developers can end up
  tripping over each other and constantly breaking the codes.

* No one has total control over what is being modified in your code
  base. It is impossible to separate good code from bad code. To
  implement this model. Because of this reason, you will want to have
  only experienced developers on your team or the code may be ruin and
  mixed with bad codes
	  
## Our Chosen Strategy
	  
In detail, describe our reasoning for choosing which one.

1. here
2. here
